# Telemedia Version 2.0 Changelog



### User Interface Theme

> ##### Re-designed UI with more up to date colours.

### Advanced Call Log

> ##### Supersedes the original, basic call log (Reporting > Advanced Call Log).
> 
> ###### _Features Overview_
> * General call stats (Total, In, Out, Missed, Busiest Hour, Busiest User, Average Wait and Average Talk)
> * Call Breakdowns (All Calls, User Volumes and Calls Per Hour)
> * Graphs (Group Volume Split and Team Volume Split)
> * Filtering System and Export Utility
> * Un-returned Missed Calls Utility
> * Ability to easily block nuisance calls
> * Call Journey (shows each leg of the call)

### Active Call Log

> ##### Supersedes the current CDR Log.  This new Active Call Log writes one simplified line of call data for each leg of the call instead of multiple lines of data.  Each call is assigned a unique ID, which is then used to link the various legs of the call together. The unique ID is also used to identify call recordings.

### Wallboard Updated

> ##### The wallboard has been updated to share more of the information from the Advanced Call Log and leverages the new Active Call Log for its raw data instead of the CDR Log.

### Inbound Email Alert

> ##### Sends an email alert when inbound calls are missed (User > Extensions > Features).  The email will be sent to the email address specified on the respective extension's main settings page.

### Inbound Intro Message

> ##### This plays a short message to the extension side of the call before the Inbound call is connected.  This can be set at the extension level (User > Extensions > Features) or at the group level (Call Flow > Hunt Groups).

### Vendor Locking

> ##### All Yealink phones are now Vendor locked to the system.  This sets a randomized admin password for each phone, restricting the ability to factory reset the phone.  Whilst this can be overcome using TFTP, the phone can be further secured using Zero Touch.  The Hash Generator on the Service Provider Portal can be used to gain access to a phone.

### Zero Touch Configuration

> ##### Using Yealink's RPS server, the phones can be pre-provisioned without the need to open the box.  Used in conjunction with Vendor Locking, this provides the most secure solution for Yealink phones.

### CRON Daily and CRON Min

> ##### New CRON routines have setup to allow easy implementation of daily and per minute scheduled tasks, i.e. sending of Inbound Email Alerts.

### SMS System

> ##### Allows the user to send SMS messages to customers.  Updates to the Telemedia C2D Client integrate directly with the Telemedia System in order to send SMS messages from the user's PC (currently Windows only).

### SMS Templates & Settings

> ##### Global SMS settings for integration with the Centralised SMS API, which is responsible for the sending of all SMS messages on behalf of the individual systems (Messaging > SMS Settings).  SMS Templates can setup to allow the user to pick from a list of templated messages when sending an SMS (Messaging > SMS Templates).  SMS Templates are also synchronised to the Telemedia C2D Client.

### Extension VLAN

> ##### Ability to set the VLAN ID for the WAN Port and PC Port of the phone (User > Extensions > Features).

### Staff & Attendance System

> ##### Integrates with on-premise clocking systems to gather all clocking events and produces a payroll report with a breakdown of shifts completed (Staff / Attendance > Attendance Report).  staff members can be added with a payment frequency of (Every Minute, 15 Minute Blocks, 30 Minute Blocks or Hourly Blocks).  Staff members will only be paid for each full block completed (Staff / Attendance > Staff Settings).

### Extension Context

> ##### Ability to choose the Context of the extension.  'Default' for general system extensions where inbound calls are expected to route via a SIP Trunk or 'Yeastar' for inbound calls that will route via a Yeastar PSTN Gateway.

### Extension Location

> ##### The administrator can now set the location of the extension.  This is for information only and does not affect the configuration of the system.

### Extension to Inbound Feature Divert

> ##### Extension calls can now be diverted to the Inbound Feature service in order to take advantage of its features, i.e. 'Show Dialled Number' and 'Intro Message (Whisper)'.

### Hotdesking

> ##### Ability to provision the phone as a Hotdesk.  Using the new Hotdesk feature codes, the user can login and logout of a phone using their extension number.  Admins also have an additional option to remotely force the logout of an extension from a Hotdesk in the event of the user unintentionally leaving the extension logged in.

### Extension Status Screen

> ##### The Dashboard now shows a full, real-time representation of the connection status of all extensions. The administrator can see details such as: name, host, status, description and the last connected date and time of the extension.

### BLF Key Updater

> ##### Changing the name of an extension will force the corresponding BLF keys of other phones to be updated in line with the change

### In-use Report

> ##### The In-use report has been adjusted to include the SIP Trunk name for Inbound Numbers (Reporting > In-use Report)

### Form Loading Alert

> ##### Editing of the phone system settings is now blocked and delayed until such a time as all the settings are loaded and fully populated.  This reduces the chance of saving incorrect or incomplete settings, leading to misconfiguration.

### Auto-Gen Passwords

> ##### Extension and voicemail passwords are automatically generated when extensions are created, forcing the creation of strong passwords and improving security.

### Audio File Formats

> ##### The required audio file formats are now clearly displayed on the MOH and Audio Prompts screens.

### Relay Switching

> ##### New feature codes allow the user to control up to 4 external relays in order to control devices, i.e. door latches.  This the requires the addition of the Telemedia rPi System with Relay Board.

### SIP Trunk Failure Script

> ##### SIP Trunks are checked for a 15 second disconnection period at which point an email will be sent to the administrator.

### Call Recording Offloading

> ##### New scripts have been developed to offload the call recordings to either an external device or another remote storage area.



### Bug Fixes

>* Twinned extension not showing the correct outbound CLI
>* Inbound calls fail periodically when using Voicehost SIP Trunks
>* On-site PBXs won't support external phones without manual config
>* Group calling to EXT timeout fails on local channel instead of SIP channel
>* CLI Override bypasses outbound call recording

